Contribution documentation improvements (#5132)
mermaid-js/mermaid: packages/mermaid/src/docs/community/contributing.md

  requirements[Install the Requirements]
  setup[Install Packages]
```

### Get the Source Code

In GitHub, you first [**fork a mermaid repository**](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/fork) when you are going to make changes and submit pull requests.

Then you **clone** a copy to your local development machine (e.g. where you code) to make a copy with all the files to work with.

```tip
[Here is a GitHub document that gives an overview of the process](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).
```

```bash
git clone git@github.com/your-fork/mermaid
```

Once you have cloned the repository onto your development machine, change into the `mermaid` project folder (the top level directory of the mermaid project repository)

```bash
cd mermaid
```

### Install Requirements

We support **development within Docker** environment along with **host setup**. You may choose it up to your preferences.

**Host**

These are the tools we use for working with the code and documentation:

- [volta](https://volta.sh/) to manage node versions.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/). `volta install node`
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) package manager. `volta install pnpm`

> - [npx](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npx) the packaged executor in npm. This is needed [to install pnpm.](#install-packages)

Author: Do we still need volta?

> - [npx](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npx) the packaged executor in npm. This is needed [to install pnpm.](#install-packages)

Reviewer: Nope. Just pnpm, which can be used to install node.

> - [npx](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npx) the packaged executor in npm. This is needed [to install pnpm.](#install-packages)

Author: Removed `volta` requirement completely, as well as `npx` and updated docker related files as well accordingly.

This is what a rendering test looks like:

```js
it('should render forks and joins', () => {
  imgSnapshotTest(
    `
    stateDiagram
    state fork_state &lt;&lt;fork&gt;&gt;
      [*] --> fork_state
      fork_state --> State2
      fork_state --> State3

      state join_state &lt;&lt;join&gt;&gt;
      State2 --> join_state
      State3 --> join_state
      join_state --> State4
      State4 --> [*]
    `,
    { logLevel: 0 }
  );
  cy.get('svg');
});
```

<!-- **_[TODO - running the tests against what is expected in development. ]_** -->
<!-- **_[TODO - how to generate new screenshots]_** -->

### Update Documentation

```tip
Our documentation is managed in `packages/mermaid/src/docs`. Details on how to edit is in the [documentation section](#contributing-documentation)
```

If the users have no way to know that things have changed, then you haven't really _fixed_ anything for the users; you've just added to making Mermaid feel broken.
Likewise, if users don't know that there is a new feature that you've implemented, it will forever remain unknown and unused.

> The documentation has to be updated to users know that things have changed and added!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation has to be updated for users to know that things have been changed or added!
```

```mermaid-nocode
flowchart LR
  feature --> slash
  bug --> slash
  chore --> slash
  docs --> slash
  slash --> 2945 --> underscore
  slash --> 1123 --> underscore
  underscore --> short_description_1
  underscore --> short_description_2

  underscore["_"]
  slash["/"]

  short_description_1["state-diagram-new-arrow-florbs"]
  short_description_2["fix_random_ugly_red_text"]
```

If your work is specific to a single diagram type, it is a good idea to put the diagram type at the start of the description. This will help us keep release notes organized by a diagram type.

```note
A new feature described in issue 2945 that adds a new arrow type called 'florbs' to state diagrams

`feature/2945_state-diagram-new-arrow-florbs`
```

```tip
A bug described in issue 1123 that causes random ugly red text in multiple diagram types

`bug/1123_fix_random_ugly_red_text`
```

## Contributing Code

Code is the heart of every software project. We strive to make it better. Who if not us?

### Where is the Code Located?

The core of Mermaid is located under `packages/mermaid/src`.

### Running Mermaid Locally

**Host**

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

**Docker**

```bash

> ./run dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./run pnpm dev
```
